Vanilla Quality of Life mod intended to make the game more fun :) Not all features fit in the description, check the in-game config menu for the full list! (okay that's an understatement, there's like 2x as much lol)

If you have any suggestions, feel free to write them down, I'll consider them!
My discord server if you want to talk, I'm lonely: https://discord.gg/w4JvYdkdDP
GitHub: https://github.com/Pannoniae/VanillaQoL

[NEW in 2.0!]
 -  Multiplayer map sharing! The map streams to the other players continuously in MP. Press P to share instantly.
 -  A town NPC checklist in the housing menu which displays who hasn't moved in, their arrival conditions, prices, the full love/like/dislike/hate matrix, and a NPC / boss arrow. It updates instantly instead of question marks for minutes, supports other mods' Census integrations too.
 -  Smart cursor rework: torches on floating platforms, easy platform building, walls stop at platform floors, blocks replace grass/vines, and modded range accessories are fixed.
 -  The whole Calamity Unnerfs suite, integrated and updated to latest Calamity (see below)

Features:

Calamity:
 -  Calamity Unnerfs: 80 individual switches to unnerf Calamity's vanilla changes. Defense damage, dodge cooldowns, lifesteal, wings, armour stats and set bonuses, autoswing on 153 items, shops, crates, recipes, spawn rates, the Nurse etc.
 -  Don't have Calamity? Calamity QoL for Vanilla is included, so you get its QoL changes anyway.
 -  Revert many of the Calamity's post-2.0.4 changes and the removed QoL like NPC shops, accessory prefix progression, fishing crate loot, angling kits, starter bag, revert nerfs, non-consumable event summons, etc.
 -  Calamity rarity fix (like the Calamity Rarities mod) but this one has actually accurate colours:)

NPCs:
 -  A new chat tag to display NPCs in the chat! Usage: [npc:23] or [npc:ModName/NPCName].
 -  Town NPCs spawn at night and can move to their house at day.
 -  Make the nurse heal players over time to stop exploits.
 -  An option to remove Town Slimes, for those who hate them with a passion.
 -  Protection for town pets and slimes from enemies and bosses.
 -  Santa won't suddenly explode after holidays end.
 -  Made the Truffle non-binary. Before you ask why, I don't know either.

Suffering:
 -  Enemies break down doors.
 -  Cactus hurts when you step on it.
 -  Thorns slow the player down like cobweb.

Items & Equipment:
 -  WingSlot™! Respects loadout colours, and the dye slot even accepts dyes. Revolutionary.
 -  A better Shop Expander, with proper buttons instead of fake items! Expands automatically when you sell.
 -  Super critical hits, which are 2x the damage of a critical hit above 100% crit chance.
 -  Ancient versions of 1.4.4 reworked melee items.
 -  More buff slots! (configurable)
 -  Accessories work from personal storage.
 -  Non-consumable boss summons. (with mod compatibility!)
 -  Disable damage variance for players, enemies or both, or configure the amount.
 -  You can exchange Corruption items for Crimson ones.
 -  No fall damage while riding a mount.

UI & Information:
 -  Add Calamity-style info for wings and hooks, showing you all kinds of useful information.
 -  Display luck information when you have a Metal Detector or its upgrades.
 -  Dangersense Potion highlights Silt and Slush, Spelunker highlights Hellstone.
 -  "What mod is this from?" tooltip to show mod names on items.
 -  Shows permanent upgrades on the player/world selection screen.
 -  An option to use the metric system. Not enabled by default to not scare the yanks.

Inventory & Storage:
 -  The Flying Piggy Bank and Void Lens follow you around!
 -  At full HP/mana, the player won't pick up hearts or mana crystals.
 -  The Encumbering Stone (or more like, the Coincumbering Stone) can pick up coins since they don't take up an inventory slot.
 -  Smart stacking into the Void Bag, and the Void Vault extends into other personal storage.

Mining & Building:
 -  VeinMining™! No need to press a keybind for this one. Works on spikes and random crap too.
 -  Drill rework! Drills are affected by mining speed, can have speed prefixes and instantly break grass.
 -  Dungeon bricks crumbling instantly when you break them.
 -  Hardmode ores can be exploded after the three Mechanical Bosses, or Meteorite before Hardmode if you want.
 -  An asphalt platform to run faster. (<3 Jabon)
 -  Instant Platform Fallthrough.

World & Environment:
 -  The Nature's Gift and the Jungle Rose glow in the dark so they are easier to find.
 -  Seasonal events all year. <3
 -  Jungle Mimics can spawn in Hardmode Jungle, and the Frost Legion spawns randomly during nighttime blizzards.
 -  Fountains change biomes, and can do it from the inventory too.
 -  Lava Slimes do not drop lava on death in Expert Mode.
 -  Spike Balls and Blazing Wheels are now killable.

Events & Bosses:
 -  Queen Bee, Plantera, and Golem now drop 2 weapons instead of 1.
 -  Call off invasions after too many NPC or player deaths (configurable).
 -  The Old One's Army is now fairer.
 -  Entries in the Bestiary unlock after one kill. No town NPC murder required.

Quality of Life:
 -  For those with skill-issues, lock on / auto-aim / aimbot for mouse and keyboard.
 -  If there are favourited potions in the inventory, Quick Buff will only consume those.
 -  Respawning rework (fully configurable)
 -  Tombstones drop in item form instead of being placed down.
 -  New characters can get a Starter Bag.
 -  Expert mode can stop halving your health regen when you aren't Well Fed.
 -  An option to stop the Sandgun from stopping sand.
 -  An option to skip the credits after Moon Lord, or to move it properly in the progression.
 -  Master Mode can have Expert Mode stats now. Useful to not get impaled by bunnies straight after spawning.

Technical & Mod Compatibility:
 -  Config options that need a mod you haven't got are crossed out, and the tooltip tells you why. Instead of silently doing nothing.
 -  Joining a server no longer hangs on "Syncing Mods" forever when the server has a new mod config page.
 -  Remove the coloured Thorium tooltips, making the mod look more vanilla.
 -  Fixes memory leaks in other mods (most notably Magic Storage), so tML slows down less when reloading repeatedly.
 -  Mod incompatibility screen. Modders: create a compat.txt with lines like this:
 InternalModName=A reason for why your mod is incompatible. Be descriptive and suggest something to the user.
 AnotherMod=Another incompatible mod.

Credits:
 -  Jabon of [url=https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2928398913]Quality of Life Compendium fame[/url] for his mod compat, his sprites and for being a very amazing person in general <3
 -  sexual_lobster for the Luck icon. (from https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=3013399263)
 -  SirSwerving for the amazing player/world icons and like half the ideas in the mod. Seriously, thank you so much <3.
 -  Magic Storage's absoluteAquarian for more advanced netcode and some IL tricks.
 -  Shoutout to tomat for being a huge inspiration.

Everything is fully configurable.

Longer-term, this is meant to be a quality of life mod without cheating. Everything should require in-game effort (like a veinmining accessory) or have some drawback so the player doesn't skip half the game, like potion making.
If you are a modder, you can also enjoy the questionable quality "API"s I made to modify things which you shouldn't modify but hey, you can do it now!
